2013.4:
 * Version 8.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Added automatic coefficient generation ability to the C Model
 * Added 4:4:4 RGB as a valid input in IPI

2013.3:
 * Version 8.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Added support for out of context
 * Updated constraints to match IP heirarchy
 * Added support for Synopsys VCS Simulator
 * Removed C model dependency on stlport (STL Portability) library; C model now uses STL built into the compiler
 * Windows C model DLLs are statically linked to the Windows C run-time (CRT) library, to remove the runtime dependency on MSVCRT90.dll, which can cause problems when using the C model in a Windows compiler other than Visual Studio 2008

2013.2:
 * Version 8.1
 * Version register now reports proper version
 * Fixed "out of bound" error during 3 Engine EDK simulation
 * Last column of the frame no longer wraps around to be the first column of the frame
 * Demo test bench now delivered through Vivado
 * C model is now delivered through Vivado

2013.1:
 * Version 8.0
 * Native Vivado release
 * Functionally equivalent to version 7.01.a
 * Auto-upgrade feature added
 * Improved parameter propagation
 * Modified .vhd file for proper line buffer wrap around 
 * Changed the default values for reset pins

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2013 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
